Every wizard learns, sooner or later, about the Choice. It's a tale as old as storytelling, encapsulated in myths and legends of every culture: when a species develops enough to think about their own thoughts and their place in the universe, they're approached with an offer (usually of power or knowledge, in exchange for some form of servitude) from the Lone Power, the One who stood apart from the creator-gods at the beginning of time and set in motion the process we now call entropy, the running-down of the universe and everything in it.

If they're lucky, the Choice will also be attended by a representative from the other Powers that Be- someone to speak in defense of life and growth and the preservation of love and hope. Either way, eventually a decision is reached which shapes the species's history going forward, whether they'll throw in their lot with the Lone One and become Its agents, or side with the bright Powers against It.

Whatever the outcome, the Choice is generally final, set in unbreakable spellwork by the first wizards of that species to protect their descendants, or strictly enforced by the Lone One to maintain its dominance. Future wizards do their part to mitigate any negative outcomes, but even wizardry itself has limits.

On Earth, wizards have their work cut out for them. Between armed conflict, natural disasters, disease, iniquity, and all the other little problems of the world, it's estimated that approximately one in a thousand humans has taken the Wizard's Oath and gained the power to speak to the universe in the language it understands and obeys, in exchange for their assistance with some significant problem (see: Ordeal).

In contrast, the Alaalid race has never experienced war, or murder, or plague. Their society produces no noteworthy pollution. Their climate and plate tectonics are such that upheavals like earthquakes or hurricanes occur no more than once per century. The planet is comfortably managed by a single wizard.

Even death seems to pose no great horror to the Alaalid- the voices of those who pass beyond the veil are still available for the living to consult, preserved for all time at the heart of the world. The agent of the Lone Power who arrived to tempt the ancient Alaalids lives on the planet still, utterly contained by the wizardry they made to protect their world from her, and primarily serves as a tourist attraction.

So why do visiting wizards have such creepy dreams about a world of ice and statues? Who is Druvah, the legendary figure from that first working who is said to still walk the world and talk to those who choose to listen? Why was he so insistent that the Choice-spell leave his "descendants in power" the option to undo all its protections and expose Alaalu to pain and death once more? And what are you going to do about it?