(For the full story on Dreadnought and Danny, read [i]Dreadnought[/i] and its sequel [i]Sovereign[/i], by April Daniels, available now from Diversion Books!)

In February of 1944, an American pilot sees a strange light in the sky over Germany. He follows it into a cloud bank and vanishes from the face of the earth. Two weeks later, he returns to Allied Command, having flown back to base without his plane.

His new abilities dwarf those of any superhuman the world has ever seen. No one alive can match him for speed, or strength, or durability. They call him Dreadnought, and he is fearless.

Seventy-three years later, the legacy of Dreadnought remains. When one hero bearing the mantle falls, another rises to take his place.

The current Dreadnought headlines the Legion Pacifica, defenders of the American west coast, and has held the mantle for over thirty years. Until the day he falls out of the sky with a golf-ball-sized hole through his chest.

Dreadnought knows he's done for, and he can't let his power die with him. He turns to the only person he can- the civilian who saw him fall and stepped in to help. The one who ignored his order to flee, helped drag him away from the battle, found somewhere safe to hide him and wait for paramedics.

"What's your name, son?"
"I'm Danny."
"Christ, you're just a boy."

Danny protests at that, but Dreadnought doesn't understand. How could he? What would he know about being a girl born in the wrong body? About how living as a boy is slowly suffocating her? About having to come here, to this out-of-the-way spot behind the mall, to paint her toenails, because she needs some measure of control, however tiny, however hidden?

He reaches inside himself and holds something out to her, and she takes it. When she opens her mouth to ask him what just happened, he's lying perfectly still... and she's speaking with a girl's voice.

Previous Dreadnoughts have been square-jawed, broad-shouldered, tall and imposing: reshaped by their power to match their personal ideal. After the transfer, Danny has the physical fitness of an entire Olympic village, packed into the build of an airbrushed swimsuit model, with the curves and face and voice she's always wanted.

The first few weeks after the change are daunting. At home, she has to pretend she's on board with her father's plans to "cure" her new appearance and deal with unwanted advances from her former best friend. Sneaking out to explore her newfound power, she's tugged between the thrill of being superhuman, the confusion of the caped community, and the threat of the villain who killed her predecessor, still at large.

The world needs Dreadnought.

Will it accept Danielle?