As he started attending school, Scott Donovan got nose and ear infections more often than other kids his age. At first no one thought much of it, but as the pattern persisted,  his parents and older sister Rochelle became more and more concerned. When his skin started to swell up in weird places, the family got serious about finding the problem. Scott was diagnosed and hospitalized in short order, and doctors assured them that a kidney transplant would solve the problem. Rochelle went away to college in New Jersey with hope that she'd come home and see him healthy again.

The transplant was performed during her second semester. For a month or so things seemed to be improving, but by the summer it was clear that Scott's body was rejecting the new kidney. While her parents and the doctors hurried to develop a new course of treatment, Rochelle began her own research into possible solutions, investigating darker and stranger sources than the public library could provide. After months of searching, she hit upon what she was looking for: a spell of similarity that would fuse two distinct objects into one seamless whole.

After several tests to be sure it performed as advertised, Rochelle snuck into her brother's hospital room and performed the spell while he was sleeping. In the morning, Scott's new kidney was found to be a perfect genetic match, and his rejection symptoms completely cleared up. The family celebrated, and Rochelle saw no need to explain the source of their medical miracle... at first.

One night she went for a glass of water and saw the glass dissolve in her hand as the water washed it down the drain. A week later she woke up and her pajamas had interwoven themselves with her bedsheets. When the patio bricks started mixing with the indoor carpet, she knew for sure what was happening: the spell she cast had made Scott's new kidney part of him, but also made itself a part of her. When she focused herself- or, too often, when she LOST focus- borders that ought to be inviolable broke down, and things mixed together.

With practice, she learned to reverse the effects and even mostly prevent them in the first place, though it cost her a year of school. It wasn't until she returned to Rutgers that she found herself using the ability to her advantage, altering objects to give them new properties or connecting points in space to create temporary portals. Eventually she found herself in a position to prevent a mugging, and the masked hero Fracture was born- seemingly just in time to protect New Brunswick from a series of hostile extradimensional incursions.

Rochelle still ultimately wants a cure for her condition, but she's willing to admit there are some advantages to the power that's lodged itself within her. Her heroic persona may be a temporary side effect until a permanent solution can be found, but she has a strong sense of justice and won't let these abilities go to waste while they last. Wherever the fabric of reality breaks down, wherever innocent people slip through society's cracks, wherever the rich and powerful turn the law into a cage for their enemies, Fracture will be there to open the way to a better tomorrow.