Like the vast majority of soldiers on her world, Portja Kir'Pro's early life was spent in the development programs pioneered by Imperator Rainek Kel'Voss. Her genome was closely inspected from conception onward, and tweaked where necessary to bring her size-changing powers to their full potential. From an early age, she was given powers testing and training alongside the traditional courses of study, learning to use her abilities in the service of the Empire.

When she came of age, Portja embarked on her first tour of duty with the Imperial Armed Forces. She was assigned to a peacekeeping detail among the Ruoenf people, one of the first races conquered in the Imperator's push for galactic dominance. She took pride in her duty, but felt unfulfilled- her training had prepared her for action, not standing guard. When time came to re-enroll, she requested a posting on the front lines of the Empire's expansion.

Her superiors had already noted Portja's commitment and willingness to push her body and mind to the limit. She passed their evaluations with remarkable scores, and was recommended for second-tier enhancement and a forward posting. To complement her existing physical abilities, the gene-managers elected to graft in technopathic traits that would allow her to activate or disrupt machinery from a distance.

The surgery, recovery, and training for her new abilities took more than a year, but she had been warned. As frustrating as it could be, it was also exhilarating. This was what Imperator Voss meant when he spoke of the infinitely adaptable Thorathian genome, their undeniable advantage over other species.

Finally, a real assignment arrived. The Empire had deemed the society of planet Vdronix suitable for annexation. Portja and a small squadron under her command would be the first Imperial forces deployed there. Their mission: make first contact, establish a beachhead for Imperial forces, and identify and eliminate major sources of potential resistance.

The locals fought back, of course. Most did, when confronted with strangers from the stars claiming ownership of their home. But something inside of Portja had been waiting for this.

When hostilities broke out, she reveled in the chaos of combat against an unbroken foe. Unlike the Ruoenf, these people still believed they could stand against the Empire, and she delighted in teaching them otherwise. None among them could match her physical strength or durability, and a single thought turned any technological advantage into dead weight. By the time the Empire arrived in force to conquer Vdronix, only scattered pockets of resistance remained.

The pattern repeated over the years to come. Portja's squadron became known as one of Imperial High Command's favorite choices for first-contact scenarios. The galaxy held billions of planets that had yet to learn of Thorathian supremacy- but that would change, one world at a time, after she made planetfall.