After learning about Nightmist, a private investigator who shared a similar magical affliction to her own, Rochelle Donovan began reaching out to contacts in Rook City, trying to track the hero down in hopes of some useful advice. Sadly, Nightmist had recently sacrificed everything to help resolve the OblivAeon crisis, but Rochelle managed to get in touch with her student, Lillian Corvus, who offered to help research her condition and provide a safe place to practice in the meantime. In exchange, Rochelle, having recently completed her degree in information science, offered to help Lillian catalogue and organize the vast archive of supernatural knowledge her mentor had left behind.

In order to make the arrangement easier, Rochelle answered a job posting for a local librarian in Rook City and moved into a nearby apartment. At first this was strictly business, but she developed a respect for and even kinship with the local community of people who managed under some of the most dangerous urban living conditions in America with plenty of complaints, but refused to think of anywhere else as their home.

One day, arriving at the Aviary for her bi-weekly session, she encountered a number of other new adventurers: the Mordengradian teen duo of robot and roboticist, Zero and One; Apatrida, a former Chilean policewoman with a cybernetic arm and unflappable confidence; the irrepressible Showman, citizen of another century imbued with the theatrical magic of the Fantastical Festival; and the brick-and-concrete armored form of Reclaimer, heir to the natural power of Rook City itself- and together they managed to defeat and contain a threat from within the mansion that had already lain low the members of Dark Watch.

Agreeing that they made a stronger force for good together than apart (and considering privately that at least some of her new allies could be dangerous to themselves or others if left unsupervised), Rochelle joined them for several more adventures, until no one could deny that a team had formed. Though she often found herself impatiently reining in the more boisterous among them or taking charge in moments that seemed aimless, other members eventually confided that they appreciated her leadership style, indirectly prompting her to confront that part of herself and reconsider how she viewed her fellow heroes. When it was time to identify themselves to the world, the group accepted her suggested name, Pro Bono, from the popular shortening of "pro bono publico"- for the public good- used by lawyers to denote work done with no expectation of repayment.

Together, with the financial backing and encouragement of the Sentinels of Freedom, the team has challenged the Plague Rat in the sewers, repelled an incursion from the Court of Blood, encountered a living relic of Atlantis, and battled the Organization for the future of the city as a whole, and though some members have come and gone, they've managed to maintain a reputation as a brighter, more public-facing counterpart to their more established allies in Dark Watch.

Perhaps even more impressive, Fracture has acknowledged leading them- once seen as a burden she reluctantly shouldered- to be a privilege and sign of respect that she tries to repay in turn. Her new allies have grown significantly since that first meeting- and grown on her even more. Who knows what they'll accomplish next?