The team known as Young Justice had its origins on a day unlike any other, when the world's children and teens awoke to find that their parents, aunts and uncles, and indeed every adult on the face of the planet had mysteriously vanished. In the process of tracking the phenomenon and defeating its originator- a frustrated, magically empowered boy calling himself Bedlam- Impulse, the third Robin, and the Project Cadmus creation known as Superboy worked together for the first time, defeating Bedlam and restoring everyone to their proper place in reality.

The feedback from Bedlam's power turning against him was powerful, however, and left the boy in a coma for several months. When he awoke, his powers returned, he sought out the "heroes" who had defeated him and decided to turn the world against them. By placing Impulse, who had recently gained the ability to dispatch ethereal "scouts" through time, in a magical cage and forcing his scouts to alter history to his own whims, Bedlam created a new timeline where the current Young Justice never existed, and most of its members had never taken up heroic identities at all. Despite his interference, Impulse managed to rally the new versions of his teammates to confront Bedlam, but it wasn't enough to take on the boy, now having fully internalized the power of the "genie" that had granted his initial wish for an adult-free world... until they turned his own scheme against him, altering Bedlam's history with a well-timed intervention by one of Impulse's scouts.

However, the scout didn't simply redirect the magical power away from Bedlam... he absorbed it himself, and returned to the present day to merge with the original Impulse. Armed with the power to make anything happen with a snap of his fingers, Bart promptly restored reality as it was and started making his OWN changes. He resurrected his father, his aunt, and his grandfather, all lost in acts of heroic sacrifice throughout history. He rescued his best friend Carol from her self-imposed exile through time. He made cars run on water instead of gas. He made dogs talk. He defeated the foes of the Justice League with ease.

Somewhere, someday, there'll be a price to pay for all of this. Until then, why not make wishes come true?