Tessa Jelinski had an aptitude for computers from a young age, but it was her first network programming course at university when she really found her passion. Coordinating individual units to work in tandem and accomplish complex tasks was a project she felt like she could spend the rest of her life on, and when she graduated, she applied to all the pioneering labs in the bleeding-edge field of nanorobotics.

She'd been working for a few years with Mass Drivers Incorporated when the building was damaged during an attack by one of the scions of OblivAeon. Still mostly unaware of the larger crisis brewing throughout reality, TJ only knew that some of her injured colleagues wouldn't be able to evacuate in time, and there was a chance her current project could help. Unconcerned about the possible dangers of handling nanobots directly, she scooped up samples of Molecular Omni-Builders ("MOBs") and applied them to the walls and ceiling of a storage closet. They were still only programmed to create simple structures, but the results reinforced the small room enough to serve as a safe haven for Tessa and her teammates while the building shifted around them.

Her coworkers praised her quick thinking, but when they emerged from the building into a city under attack, Tessa was sorry she couldn't do more. With the help of a grant from the Aldred Foundation, she dove back into her research after the crisis, and months later emerged with a suite of nanobot clusters that could be deployed over an area to attach to a surface, build a preprogrammed device or structure, and return safely to their container, for use in disaster recovery and rapid construction applications. What her employers didn't know was that some of the MOBs had clung to her clothing during the building collapse, and that she had worked with them at home in the meantime, converting them into her own nanofactory for producing additional bots out of whatever material was cheap and available.

At work, TJ continues to develop new software and capabilities for MDI's nanobots. At home, she duplicates those advancements in her own private nanofleet. When danger strikes, she takes to the streets as the masked heroine Torrent, flinging temporary self-building structures into being to protect civilians and restrain those who would hurt the innocent.

Deep down, she knows she can't continue like this forever. The MOBs aren't her property, intellectually or otherwise, and one day someone at MDI will make the connection between their instant construction swarms and the tools and weapons that their city's masked hero seems to summon with a flick of the wrist. Torrent can only succeed by flying under MDI's radar... but she can't give up as long as there are people in danger.