Simon knew he wasn't the son his father wanted. Eventually he realized he wasn't a son at all- that she was more comfortable as Stephanie. But try telling that to Marty Baker, a father who thinks the answer to any disagreement is more volume, more profanity, more insults. Who orders you to stand up for yourself but is first in line to smack you back down. You'd have better odds of getting struck by lightning while scratching off a winning lottery ticket.

Then the fight happened. Not between Stephanie and her father- between Victory and... someone.

The first Victory was one of the classic heroes. He'd shown up seemingly out of nowhere in the Pacific theater of World War II, helped the Allies advance toward Japan while Legacy and La Louve and the rest stormed the Nazi strongholds. The name and powers had changed hands since then, but not in a way anyone could predict. The second Victory was a black man, who took part in the civil rights movement and joined the mourners at JFK's funeral. The third worked with Legacy for the first time, staring down their Soviet counterparts through the Cold War.

The fourth Victory- the Victory she'd grown up with- was a woman. Light skin. Brown eyes. Dark hair. Staring up at Stephanie from the crater where she'd crashed into the pavement.

Somehow she didn't see Simon. Didn't see the broadening shoulders, the Adam's apple, the deep voice, any of the things Stephanie hated seeing. She reached out to her and she said "sister," and something was in her hand- and Stephanie took it. There was a flash of light.

And then Stephanie was standing there, and the shoulders and the Adam's apple and the voice had all fallen away, replaced with the body of an airbrushed swimsuit model and the voice of an angel.

And Victory wasn't breathing.

After that, there was no denying Stephanie was a girl. What's more, she had the full complement of Victory's powers- incredible strength, speed, flight, and durability, plus a new understanding of the world she couldn't quite explain. At first she was hesitant to take on the name, but when the city was in crisis, she donned the familiar red and blue to defend it.

Unfortunately, she lost her mask in the fighting, and was quickly identified by the media. It's not easy growing up in the public eye, especially for a trans woman. A lot of people disapprove of her as Victory, and aren't afraid to say so.

Stephanie has some big shoes to fill, but with help and encouragement from her classmates at Freedom Academy (and the reclusive super-scientist Professor Kaiju, who apparently worked closely with her predecessor), she's growing into them.